EDUCATION
D A W O O D T A H I R
CONTACT
+44-07555859445
Dawood_tahir@live.com
London, UK
https://github.com/DawoodTahir
CITY, UNIVERSITY OF LONDON
MSc Robotics, AI &
Autonomous Systems (Contd).2024 - 2025
2019 - 2023 
UET, LAHORE
BSc Mechatronics Eng.
GPA: 3.116 / 4.0W ORK EXPERIENCEPROFILE
An enthusiastic and diligent person with outstanding communication skills, a
good sense of humor, and decent manners. I'm currently searching for a
competitive and demanding work environment where I can support your
organization and build a fulfilling career for myself.
04/ 2024 - 09/2024
Developed a computer vision project that calculates the
traffic dwell duration in zones for live video feeds. 
Multi-Agent RAG harnessing langGraph for an academic
research project. a WebResearch Agent, PaperScraper
Agent, and an evaluator Agent were used to search for
the queries regarding user-given research papers.
Got proficient in using AWS EC2 instances to deploy and
upscale an AI ad creation app. Developed a workflow to
scrape through brand websites to get the text and
imagery details. these were processed by an LLM Agent
specified to extract brand call-to-action (CTA) button text,
header text and punchline.www.linkedin.com/in/mdawoodtahirAl Hamra Medical (Part-Time)
Receptionist06/ 2022- 03/2024
Responsible for maintaining the smooth running and
operation of all front desk activities in a busy medical practise.
Helping the doctors and medical staff by
managing their administrative and secretarial duties.
Answering telephone calls in a professional way.
Troubleshooting all related issues and problems. Making sure
the junior staff are fully trained
In charge of the doctors day to day work diary.
Lialting with couriers and delivery companies.
Registering new patients at the surgery. Checking new
patients in and out. Accurately collecting information
and personal details about patients.
AI Engineer.  (Full -Time) 
Psi -Square
Excellent with Customers
Project Management
Ms word
keyboard Typing
Customer Call Agent
Presentations
Teamwork
Time Management
Effective Communication
Critical Thinking