DAWOOD TAHIR
+44-07555859445•London, UK•Dawood_tahir@live.com
www.linkedin.com/in/mdawoodtahir
SUMMARY
AWS Certified Machine Learning Engineer with over 2 years of experience in computer vision and AI
projects. Skilled in developing innovative solutions, such as real-time traffic analysis and sports
analytics using YOLOv8, and enhancing AI systems with hierarchical clustering techniques. Proven
track record of leveraging AWS technologies for deploying AI applications. Expertise in transforming
complex datasets into actionable insights demonstrates a strong ability to deliver valuable
contributions, ready to elevate efficiency and accuracy for any forward-thinking organisation.
WORK EXPERIENCE
ML Engineer, CodeLens, London , UK
09/2024 – Present
Researched and developed a football analytics pipeline for player and pitch understanding.
Trained a YOLOv8 detector to identify players from two teams. Estimated 2D ball positions using
pitch keypoint–based homography, producing a game-like end product that visualises players and
ball possession over time. Evaluated the system using mAP@0.5 and tracking accuracy to be
77%.
Built a real-time vehicle speed-estimation system for a highway using a single camera input.
Streamed live video via AWS Kinesis and processed frames with AWS Lambda to match the FPS
of a custom vehicle-detection model. A homography transformation for speed calculation directly
in image space. SageMaker was used for CI/CD and provisioned with IaC. Achieved 81%
accuracy.
Data Scientist, Psi-Square, Lahore
04/2024 – 09/2024
Developed a computer vision pipeline to calculate traffic dwell duration in predefined zones for
live video feeds. Implemented system-clock–based time-in/time-out logic instead of FPS-
dependent timing, and integrated Roboflow’s ByteTrack for low-latency multi-vehicle tracking.
Achieved 85% tracking accuracy and 0.79 mAP on evaluation footage.
Developed a multi-agent, orchestrated LLM research system with integrated voice-model
interaction, secured via AWS Cognito and backed by Aurora for persistent conversation history.
Implemented a Graph-RAG reasoning mode for complex, relationship-aware retrieval. it was
evaluated using metrics of Precision/Recall of 91/83 %, Context-Relevancy (CR), Answer-
Faithfulness (AF), and Hallucination Rate.

AI Engineer, OMNO AI, Lahore
05/2023 – 02/2024
Successfully improved RAG chunks by making hierarchical clusters of chunks. starting from the
base node and chunks , to calculate embeddings between simultaneous chunks and moving
down the tree the same way. this helped the final customer bot be more relevant in answering the
questions.
Got proficient in using AWS EC2 instances to deploy and upscale an AI ad creation app.
Developed a workflow to scrape through brand websites to get the text and imagery details. these
were processed by an LLM Agent specified to extract brand call-to-action (CTA) button text,
header text and punchline. Leveraged generative AI to create a seamless ad Banner on required
size with the given text types.
EDUCATION
MSc, Robotics, AI & Autonomous Systems, CITY, UNIVERSITY OF LONDON, UK
09/2024 – 10/2025
Grades: 1st
BSc, Mechatronics Eng., UET, LAHORE, Pakistan
10/2019 – 05/2023
GPA: 3.116 / 4.0
SKILLS
Python AWS SageMaker
CI / CD AWS EC2
Dockers Git
AWS Lambda Kubernates
TerraForm AWS ETL Tools
LoRA Computer Vision
Drones SLAM Deep RL
MCP Tools Project Management
Teamwork Effective Communication
SQL PowerBI
Tableau Langchain
n8n PettingZoo
Rlib MAPPO
AgenticAI ByteTrack
Diffusion Models IaC

REFERENCES
Dr. A.H Zenati
SST, City, University of London
Abdelhafid.Zenati@citystgeorges.ac.uk
Collaborated on GAT networks for drone swarms for Safer flight and communications by MARL
Dr. Ahsan Naeem
Mechatronics Department, UET Lahore
mahsan.naeem@gmail.com
Worked together on numerous projects within the Mechatronics curriculum, facilitating valuable
exchanges of knowledge and insights.
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified ML Engineer - Associate
09/2025